
A fully kinetic and event-driven, open source web components that help you write 
less codes and build faster and makes your project stand out.

Reconstruct this sentense for makes

A fully animated and event-driven web components library, open source to help you
write less codes and build faster.


I am building a web component library, with the vision of making fully animated, event-driven, 
and very easy to use (and also copy and paste-if they like) components, that is also fully open source.

Write me a title for this project (less than 25 words), that i can use for the hero section.
Write me a description for this project (less than 70 words), that i can use for the hero section.

here are samples from other websites
title: Animate your UI with smooth style
description: A fully animated, open-source React component distribution. Browse a list of animated primitives, components and icons you can install and use in your projects.


Here are the categories of components to be had in this ui library, write me a description for each of this category. 
Ensure each is less than 50 words, and straight to the point.

1. Text animation
2. Transition animation (to transition between one page to another, or from one section of a page to another)
3. Slider/carousel
4. cursors
5. More (To describe that we still have more coming soon)


write me a very good introduction for this ui library, considering the information you already have.

here's an example you can follow:

"React Bits is an open-source collection of carefully designed UI components that aim to enhance your React web applications.

This is not your typical component library, which means you won't find a set of generic buttons, inputs, or other common UI elements here.

Basically, these components are here to help you stand out and make a statement visually by adding a touch of creativity to your projects."

Ensure to write something better than this.



Write a suitable mission and vision for this ui library, see an example below, for format

The goal of React Bits is simple - provide flexible, visually stunning and most importantly, free components that take web projects to the next level.

To make that happen, the project is committed to the following principles:

Free For All: You own the code, and it's free to use in your projects
Prop-First Approach: Easy customization through thoughtfully exposed props
Fully Modular: Install strictly what you need, React Bits is not a dependency
Free Choice: JS or TS, plain CSS or Tailwind, the code is all here





write a description of the perfect approach for building this ui library